Migrate away from Gradle Tooling API into ProjectResolver (#35)
varabyte/kobweb-intellij-plugin: kobweb-model/README.md

This model is separated from the rest of the project because we built it with a much lower source compatibility target
than the core plugin code (which IntelliJ pushes to be a relatively recent version).

This is because this code is essentially sent over to and run by the Gradle JVM, which can be a lot older than the
IntelliJ JVM for some users.

> We don't want people who happen to use an older Gradle JVM version from getting incompatible class version errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't want people who happen to use an older Gradle JVM version to get incompatible class version errors
```

Reviewer 2: Nice find!
